Isis robbing from the willow room today
we're going to make potato latkes it's a
very simple recipe
what we have is potatoes I've already
peeled these you need five large
potatoes and what we're going to do is
grate these this is a box grater if you
have a food processor at home with the
grater
grating attachment that'll work also so
all I'm gonna do is grate to five
potatoes okay we have our potatoes
grated this is what they should look
like they're gonna start turning
oxidizing but that's perfectly fine we
have an onion we're gonna grate this
also this is perfectly acceptable to add
that much of the onion left so you don't
break your fingers off and there's our
grated onion and you just throw this
into the potatoes give it a little toss
okay now we're gonna try to squeeze some
of the moisture out of these you can
press it through a colander
I find that this is better this way
squeezed all the moisture out of this
you can see there's quite a lot of
moisture in there wouldn't be good if we
didn't squeeze it so our next step is
crack our eggs about 3/8 here we're
going to throw our garlic in there which
is one teaspoon of garlic pour this over
our potatoes season with salt and pepper
and the third of a cup of flour I like
to do is mix this first
then incorporate the flower
and that's basically it I'd let this sit
for about five minutes that will
activate the starch and the flour and
some of the starch from the potatoes
will come back together okay
our oil is hot it took a little bit of
our mix warming into a little cake like
that drop them into the world
some people prefer these to be flatter
like mine to be I guess I call it a
medium thickness
[Music]
I have this on medium heat you want to
cook them on each side for about say two
to three minutes
if you will if you're still in these
ahead of time and you have a lot of
company you can't have the oven hot just
holding in the oven that works mine okay
this has been cooking about six to seven
minutes and the pull them out and let
them drain on these paper towels
I have a paper towel you can tie some of
the excess oil off all right what we're
going to do now is just put it on this
plate and a little sour cream and chives
here you can serve it on the side or
right on the potato pancake and can also
use apple sauce which is very good too
so that's it I hope you enjoyed until
next time eat well thanks